Humph well you are depressed
Now they dare to pretend to be the king above ten thousand people
I thought you would come back when you were dying
Now the king of heaven is here
Can't save you
You said I was pretending
Have you ever considered
This party has been going on for so long
The king you mentioned has not appeared yet.
Hello, the king's feast has begun
That's why Wu Weijun hasn't arrived yet
You must have offended me.
Why don't you hurry up and get off me?
Wait for him to blame
You must die without a burial
Master Xiao is right
Xiao Chen, hurry up and get off for me
stupid
You have the ability to pull me down
Bold dust removal
Since you are seeking death
Then today I'm going to take you down myself
Bring it to the king to claim credit
In this way
My Xiao family is not only innocent
Instead of meritorious
I have to thank you
Give me one in front of the king
What about the opportunity to show your face?
You died a worthy death today
You rubbish don't deserve my help at all
Something that even Zhenbei General is inferior to
I can't get my temper up at all
Xiao Wu Dao, you have been Mr. Xiao for a few years
Did you forget?
I used to be the puppy behind my butt
Ah you
How dare you humiliate me
Lao Tzu is the young master of the Xiao family
From now on
I am officially taking away your last name on behalf of the Xiao family
You don't deserve the surname Xiao
Take away my last name
You don't deserve it.
Do you deserve to see the real chapter under your hands?
I, Wei Xiaojuan
Do you know what you are doing?
I'm enforcing the law against this heinous man
rebellious sinner
You stop me
It is to disrespect the king
Disrespectful
It's your Dauntless Army right in front of you
You don't kneel yet